Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we can do is over here, we can upgrade test, which is just going to say mute audio.
Then at the right side, we can have a swish so that it can easily choose to turn on audio or a ton
of audio.
Then over you, you're going to also have it says, which is going to say sound or video.
Then as well as the right side, you're going to have a switch.
So users can choose to turn off video or turn on video.
Okay, now to do this, I need to go back to our V code now over this video screen.
All we just have to do is to add a trailer comma.
But with my explanation, you just saw that boat widget are got of a similar.
I just said I need to have the test over here and I need to add the switch then as well.
I'm going to need to have it test again.
And over here, we're going to need to have a switch so you can see what I just said is going to be
similar.
So what we can do is we can create, just watch, fly and be able to what we use it.
Okay.
Now to do this, I will need to collapse this.
Then I want to create a new fly over.
The screens then the widgets over this widget directory or folder create a new hi wish.
We are just going to call meet meeting on this call option.
Then the section wishes to that.
Now we can use control and v to make it this way and we can just go with this widget since nothing is
going to change.
Okay.
As well we can call this width meeting option.
Right?
Okay.
Then over here we need to alight and use controlled dot in 1840 material to that package.
Now I just want to go with this container.
Right.
What?
All we just have to do first is we are going to give the height to this container, the height of 60.
Then we can give a color to this.
The color is going to be the secondary.
Background.
Colo.
Right.
Okay.
Now with what I just explained.
I said over a year ago to have a chest that over here, you're going to have a switch.
So with what I just said, you should be able to know the next widget you're going to use, which should
be what's a real widget?
Because we want our widgets to be displayed horizontally, that is from left to right.
Okay.
So for the container to have a child on the child, it's going to be a rule.
Widgets and this row widgets can take multiple, which as it allows is to address.
The first charge is going to be test.
And I just said they're going to make this reusable.
Right.
So what we can do is over here, we can create a find our rainbow quartz test as this is the test,
it's going to be a detail type of drink.
And over here you're going to need to had our semicolon in.
Over here we need to highlight and use control and dot not to proceed to the constructor class called
meeting option.
Now we can make this required.
Okay.
Great.
Now, over here.
Just pass in the test.
Right.
Then we're going to use our star to.
This is going to be test star.
Right.
Then we're just going to give you a font size of 16.
Look at the Chile cover and now use control and save the control.
Now to make this smaller.
Then go to the video call screen.
Right.
Then they're going to need to use control and be now after this.
Well, they're going to call the meeting.
Oh, sure.
Okay.
Now you can see it's OneSource to pass and the test the test is just going to say reels audio.
Right.
And you just keep trying to ask to go see what you just did.
Okay, great.
Now you can have another first of all, add it to the cover and face this.
And this is just going to say.
So on.
On.
Son of.
Video.
Right.
Okay.
Great.
Now you're going to sit here and I think there is no space right now to give that space.
They're going to need to use a size box.
Size looks ten.
A bit like a height.
It is a height of ten.
We are giving the highlights because we are giving the space vertically.
Okay.
Now, I think this this is too pushed to the right and to the left side.
So what you can do.
You can give celebrities the space.
Now offer them written in.
Right.
We can give this test a pardon.
So over here, we can use control and dot erupt with pardon.
They're going to be given all sides or ten.
That is the left right bottom at every corner.
He's going to push that aside.
Okay, great.
Now over here, we're going to have what's a switch?
Okay.
So it's in the roll, but they need to add it to cover.
And now we can then of a switch.
Okay.
Switch.
They can see it.
Wants this to pass.
And the value the value has to do with if the audio is either on or off or the video is either on or
off.
So now, since we're going to make this dynamic, what we can as well do is over here you can create
a finer since this is a natural for the value is going to be a detail type of of all of those then the
variable name is going to be called is mute.
Is mute.
Okay.
Now you're going to need to pass it on to the constructor and they're going to require this.
Enough to stop it from being required.
All you have to do is to had a question mark over here.
So with this, you don't really need to use this.
We are going to make as required.
So it is going to be.
This dodge is real.
Okay, great.
Now over here for the value is going to be there is news.
Okay.
Now you can see the one change we once was to pass a function.
And we are going to make this function dynamic, right?
So over here, you can also create a definer, which is going to be a function.
Then it's going to be a type of bull.
This is going to be the actual force that they're just going to call this on change.
Right.
Okay.
Now as well, we need to pass it on to the constructor and we're going to need to require this required.
And it is going to be this.
This does not change.
I think we are missing this.
And this as well.
Who's going to check what time this.
Okay.
I think.
Recorded on.
Unchanged.
Okay, great.
Now this control necessary this far.
Now we're going to go to the video call screen.
Like I said, once this opposite.
Now what you can easily just do.
You can use control.
And what you're going to see are required.
Arguments is viewed.
Okay.
What's it look like on this crowd?
Argument is change.
Okay, now, for this release, what we can do is over.
Over here, we can as well create a final agreeable card.
There's going to be a type of.
Then it's going to be is.
Or do.
Right.
It's going to be is audio.
Then I just want to set this to true.
Do for those who suggest a true as the default value and over where you can see.
So we can't just call this is audio muted.
I'm going to set it to two defaults and bool is.
We do.
Richard, as well.
It's going to be quite a true.
Okay.
Great.
He's gone.
Okay.
Now for this.
They're going to say this is mute.
This is going to be for the audio rights is going to be is audio.
Is audio muted then for this?
We also need to use control and dots are required field required argument and use as well as control
and does require it require documents or change rights over here is going to be is the video.
Is video muted?
Okay, great.
Now you can use control necessary and good check what you just did.
Are you going to sit here a year?
Okay, great.
There is a way.
Therefore the now we can't actually switch, right?
Because you have not created a function.
So now what you can do, we can go back to the meeting option.
Right.
The little notion and over the rule.
We can then say when this alignment with us.
This alignment.
With us this element of space.
Between.
Okay.
This question is to save.
I think, you know, this is going to take this year.
Okay.
Great.
Not in this picture.
They're going to make this.
Switchable.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.